Required Apps and CORS policy docs (#46493)
gravitational/teleport: docs/pages/enroll-resources/application-access/guides/connecting-apps.mdx

    - "Authorization: Bearer {{internal.jwt}}"
```

### Backends-for-Frontends support

By default, Teleport will only attempt to authenticate the user for the
requested app when launched from the Web UI. If this is a client application

> that makes requests to _a different_ backend application that is also in

Reviewer: ```suggestion
that makes requests to _a different_ backend application that is also protected by
```

```

### CORS support for preflight requests

Teleport does not send any unauthenticated requests to the destination app. This
means that any preflight requests sent by an application to another application
within Teleport for an API request will return an error and fail. You can
specify a CORS spec per application that will respond to these preflight
requests. This does not overwrite the destination app's CORS policy for the
requested route, but is only used for the OPTION requests sent to the requested
route.

```yaml
- name: 'dashboard'
  uri: https://localhost:4321
  public_addr: dashboard.example.com
  # Optional CORS policy is used for preflight requests only. It does not overwrite the contained
  # app's CORS policy per route but is used by Teleport to respond to unauthenticated OPTION requests.
  # Important Notes:
  # - Each field in the CORS spec is optional.
  # - The `allowed_headers` field accepts wildcard entries. However, in requests with `allow_credentials: true`,
  #   a wildcard is treated as the literal header name "*" without special semantics.
  # - The `Authorization` header can't be set with a wildcard and always needs to be listed explicitly.
  cors:

>     # Specifies which origins are allowed to make cross-origin requests.

Reviewer 2: Since backticks don't render as code style within code snippet comments, we can leave them out.
